# fake-calls

This is a project for [ADman Media](http://admanmedia.com/).

It generates fake calls to the Fredy server registered every hour in a range of dates with a certain amount of counts in each one. Provides a GUI for managing it.

Every call will have this fixed fields plus the ones user provide:
* `origin`: manual-fake
* `batch`: (a random id autogenerated)
* `count`: (the generated count value)

Take a look at the [demo](https://rawgit.com/davidgnin/fake-calls/master/demo.html).

## Inital call

```
var output = fakeCalls(input)
```

## Parameters

* `container`: A DOM Object where the GUI will be generated.

## Output

An Object which is an instance with the following methods:

* `makeCalls(input:Object)`: Makes the calls to the server and returns the id of those calls.

* `downloadCSV(id)`: Downloads a CSV with the info of the calls with the id provided.

* `removeCalls(id)`: Makes a call to the server to indicate that instances with the indicated will be removed.

## makeCalls Parameters

* `from` is an String containing a date in the format "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.MSC". It indicates the initial date for the calls.
* `to` is also an String in the same format indicating the end date for the calls.
* `count` is a Number with the total number of counts.
* `profile` is a Number (1, 2 or 3) describing the profile of the amount of counts distributed in a day.
  * `1`: counts are distributed equally through the day.
  * `2`: counts are higher in the middle hours of the day.
  * `3`: counts are lower in the middle hours of the day.
* `noise` is a Number between `0` and `100` indicating the difference of number of counts between days. If X = count/days, when noise is `0`, all days will have X counts, and when noise is `100` a day will have between 0 and 2X counts (the total number of counts will be always `count`).
* `keys` is an Object with the key-value pairs describing the fixed fields you want to add to the calls.
